PORT-12401 Scaffold New Service Modification (#1933)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/scaffold-a-new-service.md

# Scaffold a new service

This guide will walk you through setting up a **self-service action** to allow developers to scaffold a new **service**.  
A [service](/) in Port is a flexible concept, allowing you to represent a piece of software and its related components in a way that makes sense for you.   

> The action we will create in this guide will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The action we will create in this guide will:
```

- Create a new Git repository.
- Create a new service in Port, and relate it to the new repository, giving it its context.

> Once this guide is implemented:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Common use cases

> - Spin up new microservices with boilerplate code and store them in a Git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable developers to independently spin up new microservices with boilerplate code.
```

3. For some of the available Git providers, additional inputs are required when executing the action.

>     <Tabs groupId="git-provider" queryString defaultValue="bitbucket" values={[

Reviewer: the "execute action" screenshot above is outdated and has the wrong description, please replace with with a new one
